Risk to Potential Structures
(or Risk to Homes)
A measure that integrates wildfire likelihood and intensity with generalized consequences to a home on every pixel. For every place on the landscape, it poses the hypothetical question, “What would be the relative risk to a house if one existed here?” 

Burn Probability
(or Wildfire Likelihood)
The annual probability of wildfire burning in a specific location.

Community Wildfire Risk Reduction Zones
Areas where different types of mitigation activities can be most effective at reducing risk of structure losses from wildfire. Generally, there are four Risk Reduction Zones: Minimal Exposure Zone, Indirect Exposure Zone, Direct Exposure Zone, and Wildfire Transmission Zone. This layer is visible as the “Risk Reduction Zones” tab

Exposure Type
This layer is used in creating the Community Wildfire Risk Reduction Zones. For every pixel on the landscape, it delineates whether a structure at that location would be directly exposed to wildfire from adjacent wildland vegetation, indirectly exposed to wildfire from indirect sources such as embers and home-to-home ignition, or minimally exposed to wildfire due to distance from direct and indirect ignition sources. 

Flame Length
There are three layers:
Conditional Flame Length: Most likely flame length at a given location if a fire occurs, based on all simulated fires; an average measure of wildfire intensity.
4ft Flame Length Exceedance Probability: Probability of having flame lengths greater than 4 feet if a fire occurs; indicates the potential for moderate to high wildfire intensity.
8ft Flame Length Exceedance Probability: Probability of having flame lengths greater than 8 feet if a fire occurs; indicates the potential for high wildfire intensity.

Wildfire Hazard Potential
An index that quantifies the relative potential for high-intensity wildfire that may be difficult to manage, used as a measure to help prioritize where fuel treatments may be needed. This layer integrates wildfire likelihood and intensity

Conditional Risk to Potential Structures
(or Wildfire Consequence)

The potential consequences of fire to a home at a given location, if a fire occurs there and if a home were located there. This layer integrates wildfire intensity and generalized susceptibility of homes, but it does not include wildfire likelihood. 